README.md, before:

# Description

This repository contains the results presented in the manuscript **“Modelling the influence of climate change on characterization factors for copper terrestrial ecotoxicity”**, submitted for consideration of publication in *Journal of Cleaner Production* (2022-06-19) by Ivan Viveros Santos<sup>a,*</sup>, Annie Levasseur<sup>b</sup>, Cécile Bulle<sup>c</sup>, Louise Deschênes<sup>a</sup>, and Anne-Marie Boulay<sup>a</sup>.

*This repository is subject to change following the review process.*

# Contents

- 📂 The shapefiles of characterization factors for copper terrestrial ecotoxicity computed in this study can be found <a href="cf_spatial_res" target="_blank"><b>in this folder</b></a>.

- 🌍 The interactive maps that accompany the submitted manuscript can be found following <a href="https://iviveros.github.io/viveros-santos_et_al_2022_jclp" target="_blank"><b>this link</b></a>.


# Authors information

<div>
<details>
    <summary>Authors Affiliations</summary>
    <p><sup>a</sup> <span>CIRAIG, Chemical Engineering Department, Polytechnique Montréal, QC, Canada</span></p>
    <p><sup>b</sup> Department of Construction Engineering, École de Technologie Supérieure, Montreal, QC, Canada</p>
    <p><sup>c</sup> CIRAIG, ESG UQAM, Strategy, Corporate & Social Responsibility Department, Montreal, QC, Canada</p>
</details>
</div>

<br>


<div>
<details>
    <summary>Corresponding author</summary>
    <p>Ivan Viveros Santos<p>
    <p>E-mail address: {ivan.viveros-santos}(at)polymtl.ca</p>
</details>
</div>

Commit message:

Add link to data file

README.md, after:

# Description

This repository contains the results presented in the revised manuscript **“Modelling the influence of climate change on characterization factors for copper terrestrial ecotoxicity”**, submitted for consideration of publication in *Journal of Cleaner Production* (2023-04-10) by Ivan Viveros Santos<sup>a,*</sup>, Annie Levasseur<sup>b</sup>, Cécile Bulle<sup>c</sup>, Louise Deschênes<sup>a</sup>, and Anne-Marie Boulay<sup>a</sup>.

*This repository is subject to change following the review process.*

# Contents

- 📂 The shapefiles of characterization factors for copper terrestrial ecotoxicity computed in this study can be found <a href="cf_spatial_res" target="_blank"><b>in this folder</b></a>.

- 📊 The data files of the figures presented in this manuscript are available <a href="data_files" target="_blank"><b>in this folder</b></a>.

- 🌍 The interactive maps that accompany the submitted manuscript can be found following <a href="https://iviveros.github.io/viveros-santos_et_al_2023_jclp" target="_blank"><b>this link</b></a>.


# Authors information

<div>
<details>
    <summary>Authors Affiliations</summary>
    <p><sup>a</sup> <span>CIRAIG, Chemical Engineering Department, Polytechnique Montréal, QC, Canada</span></p>
    <p><sup>b</sup> Department of Construction Engineering, École de Technologie Supérieure, Montreal, QC, Canada</p>
    <p><sup>c</sup> CIRAIG, ESG UQAM, Strategy, Corporate & Social Responsibility Department, Montreal, QC, Canada</p>
</details>
</div>

<br>


<div>
<details>
    <summary>Corresponding author</summary>
    <p>Ivan Viveros Santos<p>
    <p>E-mail address: {ivan.viveros-santos}(at)polymtl.ca</p>
</details>
</div>
